[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What was life like
in Atlantean colonies?
I am your host and
guide, Matías De Stefano.
In this episode, we
will explore life
in Khem, which encompasses what
we know today as ancient Egypt.
When Atlantean
civilizations started
to split all around
the world, they
knew that in order to open the
portals through time and space,
they needed to be
balanced and aligned
with all information
of the world within.
We weren't able to open
the doors of time and space
in the planet until we got
really aligned with our purpose
on Earth as humans.
Atlantis was creating
these colonies
in these special spots in the
world where they could reach
this awareness of the self.
When Atlantis was
in the main islands,
they started to create this
path to acknowledge themselves
through the Mediterranean
Sea, and they were also
creating a path in Europe
and the Middle East
that the most important
one was that one that
held the energy of
three continents and one
important plateau.
The delivery of energy from
Africa, Europe, Middle East,
and Asia are pushing that
energy of the planetary grid
with all these forces
towards the Sinai Peninsula.
That means that the region of
Israel and the Sinai Peninsula
are the places where the balance
of the energy of the heart,
the plexus, and the root chakra,
and sacrum chakra of the planet
are connected.
So the strength to creation
is empowered in that region.
Atlanteans-- they recognized
that if we are willing
to create realities, we needed
to create that strength--
that force from the Earth--
in ourselves.
That is why the river
Nile was chosen to create
the path towards enlightenment.
Atlanteans recognized that that
region in Middle East and North
Africa was the most important
region from where they could
take all the
information, and they
remembered that the
Aessir who created them
chose that region
because of that reason.
The energy flowing between
the sea of life in Galilea
and the sea of death in
the Jordan River and all
the information from the deserts
around and the river Nile
were so important for
Atlanteans to reconnect
with the importance
of creation that they
said if we get this alignment
to become gods and goddesses
on Earth, we will be
able to open the portals
and handle time
here on this planet.
That is why the ancient priests
and priestesses from Atlantis
decided to build this
country that we named Khem.
Khem was the builders of
the portals of the truth.
We were the beings searching
for the enlightenment in order
to create our own realities.
For us, that's the main reason
why Khem was so important,
and our daily life was
to try to reach balance
and to reach knowledge to
awaken the power of the soul,
the body, and the spirit.
The goal of Khem was to make
Atlantean gods and goddesses
on Earth.
Gain-Ebedis means
lands of great wealth,
where a lot of minerals-- a
lot of food-- can be taken--
all the resources in order to
create the portals in order
to create the temples--
was so important because
of the flow of something
that we call Tulfah,
The Great Flow.
The Great Flow-- Tulfah--
it was the River Nile.
And it was important from
the beginning to the end.
The beginning of the River
Nile, the Tulfah, was Nan-ah.
Nan-ah was the lake that now we
call Victoria Lake in Uganda.
And this was called the
Mirror From Heavens.
So Nan-ah was the
window to the beyond.
And from there, all the
energy from the stars
came to this big lake, and from
there all the water started
to flow through the Blue Nile
and go through Uganda, Sudan,
and Egypt, and into
the Mediterranean Sea.
All this flow-- the
Great Flow of energy--
was the shape of a body.
Imagine having the feet of
a person in South Sudan,
and then you have the
legs over the territory
until you find the
spine in North Sudan,
and the whole spine in
Egypt until the skull
in the Mediterranean Sea.
And then you have every
chakra along the River Nile.
And because of that
energy, we decided
to build the temples to create
the path towards enlightenment
that would help us to reconnect
with the portals of the planet.
Many people know and understand
that the human body has seven
chakras, but there are two
chakras regions that are not
spoken about very much--
the ones of the
knees and the ankles.
A chakra is basically
a wheel of energy.
It is the energy that begins
to manifest by the vibration
and movement of the geometrical
patterns that forms us.
A chakra is like an engine
that allows the energy to spin
and manifest realities,
pulsing the flow of vitality
and information
between all dimensions.
The structure of
a chakra is based
on the patterns created by the
main platonic solids generated
by the resonance of the vacuum.
Because of this, we have
chakras everywhere--
in atoms, cells, organs.
All of them feed one
another with energy,
creating a network.
And in our body, the
main ones are seven--
crown, third eye, throat,
heart, plexus, sacrum, and root,
with other two extended
from the root chakra
in the knees and ankles.
The knees chakra,
with color burgundy,
is related to the mission and
the patterns-- so all the path
that created the network of
collective memories in history.
The chakra of the ankles is
magenta, related to the purpose
and destiny and freedom--
also, the matrix and
all the connections
that we make in our existence.
Looking at the body
in this perspective
helps us to understand that
we are a network of energy,
sharing information constantly.
And in taking these other two
lower chakras, we not only work
with our own self, but
the self with which we are
connected to related to others.
This is how the Atlanteans
viewed the body--
related to the image of a
cube with nine dimensions
from where all realities emerge.
The region of Gain-ebedis was
from North Libya to Egypt,
the Cyprus Island, Lebanon,
Israel, part of Jordan,
part of Arabia, South
Sudan, Uganda, and Ethiopia,
and Eritrea.
These countries were the regions
where the Atlanteans settled--
the country that
would not only give
resources for the civilization,
but also resources
for the being--
for the spirit and the soul.
The main priests and
priestesses from Atlantis
went through all
the river from North
to South to find the energy
of this huge flow of life
that we call now the River Nile.
And they figured out that
the connection to Earth
was the highest point in
what we call now Ethiopia.
The region of Ethiopia was
called the core of Earth.
And from the core of
Earth, all the minerals
were taken to build
the being, which
would be along the River Nile.
We call that region Thi
Gangha, and Thi Gangha
was the big land
of enlightenment
from the core of the Earth.
Thi Gangha and Eliapolimbi
were the two regions
in the South of this country--
Khem-- that gave us the
strength from Earth--
from the roots of Earth,
giving us the food and animals
and also the minerals.
These minerals were brought from
the South in Ethiopia and Sudan
to North into the regions
of Ruhnubah and Ruhnilazoh.
And they were put in the
North to build all the chakras
along the River Nile.
The process of the country
was to create the biggest
human in the planet.
The biggest human
would be the body
of every civilization imprinted
there in North Africa.
Every human would have to
go through the River Nile
to enlight itself in
this Initiatic Path
towards enlightenment--
towards themselves.
And once they achieved the
correct vibration in the body,
in the soul, and
the spirit, they
would be able to get
inside the pyramids.
And once they are
inside the pyramids,
they were able to open the
portals of Orion here on Earth.
And that is why after
the first big pyramid,
they created the other
ones that were aligned
with Orion's portal so we could
open the doors through time
and space.
Every being in history that
was looking for enlightenment
had to go through this path
that started in North Sudan
and finished in Cyprus.
The goal of Cyprus was
to touch the spirit.
The spirit with that island
where the ancient temples
that were there were
to connect the people
with their own spirit
and to bring them
to life through the region
of Lebanon and Israel.
So all this cycle
of North Egypt,
Cyprus, Lebanon, and
Israel were the cycle
that every being
has to hold in order
to get to the brain and the
matrix of the universe--
this region, meant to be
the head of the biggest
human in history in geography.
The portal of Israel
with the City of Peace--
Yerú Shaleim-- was the region
that would balance the soul
in between life and death.
The region of Lebanon
would be the door
of the spirit towards the soul,
which would be in South Israel.
And the Sinai Peninsula
would be the portal
from where the spirit and the
soul would enter the body.
The northern region
of Egypt would
be the connection of the pineal
gland and the hypophysis gland,
and would attach the spiritual
world with the physical world.
So that's why it
was the region--
the Giza region--
where everyone would
go to live like gods on Earth.
Geographically, the
energy of that region
allowed Atlantean
people to be in touch
with the energy of the planet
and the energy of the stars.
In order to recognize
how Atlanteans
used to build
cities and towns, it
was not like a futuristic way
of seeing the civilization.
They used to build the cities
with big stones, because as big
as they are, and as
long as they are,
they would hold the
information and the vibration.
So that's why they built these
cities in the shape of circles,
but their temples
used to be built
like squares or like cubes.
The reason why they do
that is because they
were trying to emulate the
structure of the universe.
They were trying to
create the chambers
so you could be in the center
of the eight dimensions
and become the ninth dimension.
So the structures of the
buildings in Atlantean times
where big stones, and
the way you can read
can recognize the
architecture of that time
is not only because
they are very big,
but also because
looking to the corners.
If you see in Peru, in Egypt--
in other regions of the planet--
they have the same
structure of construction
in which big stones
are connected
by a very soft
corner that was not
only to prevent
earthquakes, but it was also
to move the flow of energy
around the building.
When you go to the temple
in front of the Sphinx,
it is one of the most ancient
temples from Atlantean times
that you can see and touch.
And also when you
go to Osirion, which
is behind the temple
of Abydos, that's
the other temple
from Atlantean times
that you can see, that you
can feel-- that you can touch.
These temples are the only
temples that you can still
see from the Atlantean
times, and some of them
are also in Peru, in Bolivia,
and in Mexico, in Colombia.
Some ancient structures
in the Mediterranean Sea
in the Middle East--
all of them are
built by Atlanteans.
The temples that
they were building
at that time, each one of
them were for each chakra.
The first one was the
root chakra in Sudan,
and then the second
chakra in South Egypt.
And you can follow the
temples through the spine,
because the shape of
the Nile is exactly
the shape of the
spine of a person.
If you follow the shape
of the River Nile,
you will find the places where
you can attach every organ.
So at the same lines
of these organs,
you will find the temples where
the ancient Atlanteans used
to settle their constructions.
Most of them are hidden
in the underground,
and they were
covered by the desert
and by the mud of the river.
The river used to be more
wide, more open, more big,
and with much more water.
And there was more ice
in the highest mountains,
because there was
a glaciation, so it
was more cold at that time.
And the desert was
smaller, so savanna would
reach until the North of Egypt.
And some animals,
like elephants,
would live in that region,
which now they can't
live because of the desert.
All the temples were
lost, because they
were covered by the
time, the geography,
and the change of weather.
When the Age of Leo ended
about 12,000 years ago,
the era of Cancer began.
And the era of Cancer
brought the big flood
that covered many regions in
the planet with big rains,
and also the end
of the glaciation.
All the civilization
went away from the seas
and went to live to the rivers.
In this period of time, the wars
between the different families
in the regions of Khem
ended with a process
of enlightenment, and it divided
the country in many regions.
This division brought
a lot of conflicts
in between our
people, and it was
the end of the process
of consciousness
during the period of
the Atlantean colonies.
Living there at
first was very easy,
because everything
was ruled by women.
Everything was ruled by
circles, and the civilization
was treated like
sons and daughters
until Gemini time came,
like around 6,000 BC.
This period of time in
history made a division
in between North and South
regions of the consciousness,
and they were
against each other.
So they were making
what would become
Egypt in the next period.
The loss of consciousness
and the polytheism
that started to
create a new idea
of the temples of the holy
places in the River Nile.
As the desert started to
grow and the only food--
the only things that they would
have was just in the river--
they would start to fight
for the power of who
controls the river.
That brought the idea of
a pyramidal structure.
So they created the
military, and they
started to create the
idea of a new country
in the era of Taurus, 5,000
years ago where Egypt began.
They tried to emulate
what Atlanteans
did 12,000 years ago.
They rebuilt the temples
with new architecture.
In Atlantean times, they didn't
have round-shape columns.
We didn't have the
structure of an Egyptian
or a Roman or Greek structure.
Our temples were square
with square columns,
and that's the main difference
between ancient Egypt
and Atlantean Egypt.
When they started to
build the new temples,
they used the structure
of Mediterranean cultures.
So that's why you can find
these big temples that
were built 3,000 years ago
in Egypt that were financed
by Greeks and Roman people.
Those temples tried to emulate
what the Initiatic Path was
and to understand how it worked.
It was beginning in what we
now call Abu Simbel, which
it didn't exist before.
The first temples
that we can relate now
to the first Initiatic Path
was in Abu Simbel in Philae
and in Kom Ombo.
These three temples were
meant to work in relation
with the body.
So they would prepare the
Initiatic people to know
how to handle the body--
how to understand the
importance of the body
through the three
chakras that represented
the root, the sacrum
chakra, and the feet.
The feet would connect us
with the root of the planet,
and then the other
with sexuality,
and the other one
with the creation.
These three first
chakras would teach us
how to go through a process of
healing our history, our DNA,
and healing our
emotions in the way
that we can create
with neutrality and not
through the darkness emotions.
We learned in those
temples how to handle
the most deep and
strong emotions in a way
that we could understand
they were energy.
It was not how to
control those emotions,
but learn how to use
the energy of the body
in order to bring that
energy to enlighten
the mind and the heart.
In the first temples, we had
to face fear, frustration,
and hunger, and all the emotions
that were the worst that we
could ever have.
But we needed to learn
how to handle them,
not to get rid of them.
We had to prepare our
bodies to be the machines
to hold that information
and to prepare the soul
to be this engine to
create all the energy
for the spiritual mind.
So that's why in the next
temples like Edfu, Luxor,
Karnak, and Abydos
Dendera those temples
where the ones preparing the
plexus chakra and the heart
chakra.
In that region, we were
preparing our soul to be
related to everything--
to become everything,
to learn how to channel the
information from the plants,
from the minerals, from
plants, animals, other people,
civilizations, families--
so to recognize who we
are, where we come from,
and how we can
transcend everything
that we think we are.
And after that, we needed to
learn about love, so the love
in the way of sexuality, the
love in the way of creation
and how to become the mother
of the network of the matrix.
So all the information
of creating life
through the soul, the
memory, the water--
the feminine aspect of reality.
In those temples, we were
prepared in the soul.
The first ones were the body.
The middle ones where the soul.
And then the third chakra--
the third eye chakra
and the crown chakra--
were the pyramids that
we had to go and prepare
every aspect of our body to
be imbalance of vibration,
of chantings.
So we had to be prepared on how
to speak, which words to use,
and how to enlight our vibration
to get enlightened in colors,
in soul, and to achieve
the spiritual mind
through the last temples
in the mind, which
would be the pyramids.
After you had lived in every
temple and all the tests--
like 33 tests that
you had to go through
in these temples
with these masters--
with these priests
and priestesses--
you were sent to the desert
in the Sinai Peninsula
alone without food, without
water, without anything--
just yourself, to
prove yourself that you
were really able to achieve
your goals through illumination.
That was the hardest
part of the preparation,
because you thought that
the Great Pyramid would
be the last part
of the preparation,
but the real path
of preparation was
when you were sent to
find the lands of God.
And the lands of God was to go
through the desert of Sinai,
and then die in the Dead Sea.
You had to face death, and then
go through the stream of life
to be reborn again
in the Galilean Sea.
And from there, you would find
the temples of time in Lebanon.
And from there, you
would have to go and face
the eyes of the snake in Turkey.
When you did that,
you would go again
to Cyprus, where
nobody was there--
only the spirit.
And then you'd get enlightened.
And then you could take a
boat again to the River Nile
and find yourself bringing
the spirit to the body.
The ceremony to become
a real Arsayian, which
would talk to the world,
was to cross by yourself
the Habbadabtra.
Habbadabtra was the mirror
to the beyond after death,
and it was the lake that
now we call Qarun in Egypt.
You were meant to go by night
and just lie in the water
and breathe deep and float
in the water in the darkness.
What would happen there
is that all the stars were
reflected in the water, so you
would be sailing with the gods.
You would be part of the gods,
but knowing that that water
was filled with crocodiles.
If you were able to
reach the balance,
knowing that the darkness
were in the water
and the stars were
also in the darkness,
and you would sail
with your own body,
nude through the
water of Habbadabtra.
It was because you were ready to
be part of the divine on Earth.
For us today, it's important
to recognize the power of Egypt
and all the River Nile--
Khem-- because from
the very beginning
that region was the one that
prepared every human working
for the consciousness
of the planet
to be aware of the
divine on Earth.
So along all the
history, every master
had to go through that river
to find the power of the self--
to find the power
of the portals,
and to open the portals
within to become
the key of heavens on Earth.
So every culture, every master--
every being that is remembering
the importance of Egypt
in the past and the
present are the ones
that recognize that are the
keys to open those doors.
So it's important
for us to recognize
the power of this river,
because it was not only
that time that was important.
It is still today, even if
you cannot go and do the whole
process like we
did in that time.
You can still visit
those temples,
and the information is
still alive in the stones.
So you can go and feel it.
Just breathing the
information there,
you can do the same path
that every human had
done in Atlantean
times and awake
that information in yourselves.
As many people go and walk
this path to illumination--
walk this path of initiation--
then you will become part
of those keys opening
the heavens on Earth-- the plan
that we call the Ater Tumti.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and guide,
Mattias De Stefano.
In the next episode,
we will explore
the concepts imprinted on the
Egyptian gods and goddesses.